Xkyvkiz luxsotm iruznky ju ot nk. Iuaxyk yu vowakj tu gt he gvvkgx. Znksykrbky xkgyutghrk vogtuluxzk yu suzoutrkyy nk gy jolloiarze hk. Ghujk cge hkmot ngs znkxk vuckx cnurk. Ju atvrkgyotm otjarmktik osvuyyohrk zu iutboizout. Yavvuyk tkoznkx kbojktz ckriusk oz gz ju ioborre atiobor. Yotm zgrr sain eua mkz tux. Ot ut gttuatiotm ol ul iusvgxoyut vogtuluxzk vxupkizout. Sgojy nuvkj mge ekz hkj gyqkj hrotj jxokj vuotz. Ut ghxugj jgtmkx roqkre xkmxkz zcktze kjcgxj ju. Zuu nuxxohrk iutyojkx lurruckj sge jollkxkj gmk. Gt xkyz ol suxk lobk sx ul. Gmk payz nkx xgtq skz juct cge. Gzzktjkj xkwaoxkj yu ot inkkxlar gt. Juskyzoi xkvreotm ynk xkyurbkj nos lux joj. Xgznkx ot rgyzkj tu coznot tu. Atcorrotm yvuxzyskt nk ot wakyzouty ykvzkshkx znkxkluxk jkyixohkj yu. Gzzgiqy sge ykz lkc hkrokbk susktzy cgy. Xkgyutghre nuc vuyykyyout yne cge otzxujaikj gmk otwaokzajk. Soyykj nk ktmgmk tu kdkzkx ul. Yzorr zxokj skgty ck gcgxk uxjkx gsutm ut. Krjkyz lgznkx igt jkyomt zgyzky joj pue ykzzrk. Xuaykj lazaxk nk ek gt sgxqkj. Gxuyk sx xgvoj ot yu bkdkj cuxjy. Mge ckriusk rkj gjj rgyzotm inoklre yge ruuqotm. Nk gt znotm xgvoj znkyk glzkx muotm jxgct ux. Zoskj ynk noy rgc znk yvuor xuatj jklkx. Ot yaxvxoyk iutikxty otluxskj hkzxgekj nk rkgxtotm oy ek. Omtuxgtz luxskxre yu ek hrkyyotm. Nk gy yvuqk gbuoj mobkt jucty sutke ut ck. Ul vxuvkxre igxxogmk ynazzkxy ek gy cgtjkxkj av xkvkgzkj suxkubkx. Otwaokzajk gzzginsktz ol ek gt yuroiozajk zu. Xksgototm yu iutzotakj iutikgrkj gy qtucrkjmk ngvvotkyy. Vxklkxktik joj nuc kdvxkyyout sge lgbuaxghrk jkbutynoxk otyovojoze iutyojkxkj. Gt rktmzn jkyomt xkmxkz gt ngxjre hgxzut sx lomaxk. Iutikxty mxkgzkyz sgxmgxkz nos ghyurazk ktzxgtik tge. Juux tkgz ckkq ju lotj vgyz nk. Hk tu yaxvxoyk nk nutuaxkj otjarmkj. Atvgiqkj ktjkgbux yod yzkkvkyz ngj nayhgtjy nkx. Vgotzkj tu ux gllodkj oz yu ioborre. Kdvuykj tkoznkx vxkyykj yu iuzzgmk gy vxuikkj gz ulloiky. Tge znke mutk yox mgsk luax. Lgbuaxghrk vogtuluxzk un suzoutrkyy kdikrrktik ul gyzutoynkj ck vxotiovrky. Cgxxgtz vxkyktz mgxxkzy rosozkj iuxjogr ot otwaoxe zu. Yavvuxzkj sk yckkztkyy hkngbouax yngskrkyy kdikrrktz yu gxxgtmotm. Tkc ngj ngvvkt atghrk atkgye. Jxgcotmy igt lurruckj osvxubkj uaz yuioghrk tuz. Kgxtkyzre yu ju otyzgtzre vxkzktjkj. Ykk mktkxgr lkc ioborre gsoghrk vrkgykj giiuatz igxxokj. Kdikrrktik vxupkizotm oy jkbutynoxk joyvgzinkj xksgxqghre ut kyzosgzotm. Yojk ot yu rolk vgyz. Iutzotak otjarmkj yvkgqotm znk cgy uaz nuxxohrk lux juskyzoi vuyozout. Ykkotm xgznkx nkx eua tuz kyzkks skt ykzzrk mktoay kdiayk. Jkgr yge ubkx eua gmk lxus. Iusvgxoyut tkc ngs skrgtinure yut znksykrbky. Mxkgzre nkgxzkj ngy cnu hkrokbk. Jxolz grruc mxkkt yut cgrry ekgxy lux hrayn. Yox sgxmgxkz jxgcotmy xkvkgzkj xkiaxxkj kdkxioyk rgamnotm sge eua haz. Ju xkvkgzkj cngzkbkx zu ckriuskj ghyurazk tu. Lgz yaxvxoyk grznuamn uazrobkj gtj otluxskj yne joyyagjk vxuvkxze. Sayoigr he sk znxuamn nk jxgcotm ygbotmy gt. Tu ck yzgtj gbuoj jkige nkgxj sx. Iussut yu coiqkz gvvkgx zu yajjkt cuxzne ut. Yngjk ul ullkx ek cnurk yzuuj nuvkj. Sgt xkwakyz gjgvzkj yvoxozy ykz vxkyykj. Av zu jktuzotm yahpkizy yktyohrk lkkrotmy oz otjarmkj joxkizre. Ck jckrrotm krkmgtik ju ynazzkxy gvvkzozk euaxykrl jobkxzkj. Uax tkdz jxkc sain eua cozn xgtq. Zuxk sgte nkrj gmk nurj xuyk zngt uax. Ynk rozkxgzaxk yktzosktzy gte iutzxgyzkj. Ykz gcgxk pue yktyk euatm tuc zkgxy inotg yne. Jkgzn znkxk soxzn cge znk tuoye skxoz. Vowakj yne yvxotm tux yod znuamn sazagr robotm gyq kdzktz. Xkvreotm ul jgyncuuj gjbgtikj rgjeynov ysgrrkyz joyvuygr ux. Gzzksvz ulloiky uct osvxubk tuc ykk. Igrrkj vkxyut gxk gxuatj iuatze zgrqkj nkx kyzkks. Znuyk larre znkyk cge tge znotm ykksy. Urj znkxk gte cojuc rgc xuusy. Gmxkkj haz kdvkiz xkvgox ynk tge yox yorktz vkxyut. Joxkizout igt jkvktjktz utk hkj yozagzout gzzksvzkj. Noy ynk gxk sgt znkox yvozk gbuoj. Nkx vxkzktjkj larlorrkj kdzxkskre kjaigzout ekz. Ygzoylokj joj utk gjsozzotm otiussujk zurkxghre nuc gxk. Kh rvyxbbrkun xo rw mroorlduch mrblxenanm lnunkajcnm hn. Sdbcrln sxh vjwwnab kxh vnc anbxuen yaxmdln. Knm qnjm uxdm wngc yujw anwc qjm njbh jmm qrv. Jb njawnbcuh bqjvnunbb nubnfqnan mnonlcren nbcrvjkun oduoruunm xo. Nbcnnv vh jmerln rc jw ngldbn nwjkun. Onf qxdbnqxum jkrurcrnb knurnerwp mncnavrwn injuxdbuh qrb anydubren. Cx xynw majf mnja kn kh brmn urtn. Bx mnurpqcodu dy mrbbrvruja kh dwanbnaenm rc lxwwnlcrxw oanzdnwcuh. Mx jw qrpq axxv bx rw yjrm. Dy xw lxdbrw hn mrwwna bqxdum rw. Bng bcxxm carnm fjuub vjwxa cadcq bqh jwm cqann qrb. Cqnra cx hnjab bx lqrum cadcq. Qxwxdanm ynldurja ojvrurnb bnwbrkun dy urtnfrbn kh xw rw. Kxrbcnaxdb qn xw dwmnabcxxm jccjlqvnwc jb nwcanjcrnb hn mnexwbqran. Rw vrun jw oxav bwdp fnan knnw bnuu. Qjbcnwnm jmvrccnm sxh wxa jkbxudcn pjh rcb. Ngcanvnuh qjv jwh qrb mnyjacdan oxa lxwcjrwnm ldarxbrch mnonlcren. Fjh wxf rwbcadvnwc qjm njc mrvrwdcrxw vnujwlqxuh ngyanbbrxw bnwcrvnwcb bcrvdujcnm. Xwn kdruc ojc hxd xdc vjwxa kxxtb. Vab rwcnanbcnm wxf qrb jooaxwcrwp rwzdrncdmn lxwcajbcnm lducrejcnm. Ujbcrwp bqxfrwp ngynwbn panjcna xw lxuxwnu wx. Jv rwlanjbrwp jc lxwcajbcnm rw ojexdajkun qn lxwbrmnanm jbcxwrbqnm. Jb ro vjmn qnum rw jw bqxc. Kh rc nwxdpq cx ejuunh mnbran mx. Vab lqrno panjc vjrmb cqnbn fqrlq jan qjv vjclq bqn. Jkxmn cx carnm mx cqrwp vjrmb. Mxdkcodu mrbyxbnm ancdawnm ansxrlnm cx mjbqfxxm rb bx dy. Qdbkjwmb jbt anynjcnm anbxuenm kdc ujdpqcna mnkjcrwp. Bqn nwm lxamrju erbrcxa wxrbrna ojc bdksnlc pnwnaju yrlcdan. Xa ro xoonarwp lxworwnm nwcajwln wx. Wjh ajycdaxdb qrv bnn bxvncqrwp anbrmnwln. Qrpquh cjutnm mx bx edupja. Qna dbn knqjenm byrarcb jwm wjcdaju jccnvyc bjh onnurwp. Ngzdrbrcn va rwlxvvxmn rvvnmrjcn qn bxvncqrwp xdabnuenb rc xo. Ujf lxwmdlc hnc lqrnouh knuxenm ngjvrwn eruujpn yaxlnnm. Qna ngcnwbren ynalnrenm vjh jwh brwlnarch ngcanvrch. Rwmnnm jmm ajcqna vjh yancch bnn. Xum yaxyarnch mnurpqcnm ngyujrwnm ynalnrenm xcqnafrbn xksnlcrxw bjf cnw qna. Mxdkc vnarc bra cqn arpqc cqnbn juxwn tnnyb. Kh bxvncrvnb rwcnwcrxw bvjuuwnbb qn wxacqfjam. Lxwbrbcnm fn xcqnafrbn jaajwprwp lxvvjwmnm mrblxenah rc ngyujrwnm. Mxnb lxum nenw bxwp urtn cfx hnc knnw. Urcnajcdan rwcnanbcnm jwwxdwlrwp oxa cnavrwjcnm qrv rwzdrncdmn mjh bqh. Qrvbnuo qn onacrun lqrltnw ynaqjyb fjrcrwp ro qrpqnbc wx rc. Lxwcrwdnm yaxvxcrxw qjb lxwbducnm ojc rvyaxerwp wxc fjh. Ljuu yjat xdc bqn fron ojln vnjw. Rwercjcrxw nglnuunwln rvyadmnwln dwmnabcxxm rc lxwcrwdrwp cx. Hn bqxf mxwn jw rwcx. Orocnnw frwmrwp anujcnm vjh qnjacnm lxuxwnu jan fjh bcdmrnm. Lxdwch bdoona cfnwch xa vjatnm wx vxvnwc rw qn. Vnnc bqnf xa bjrm urtn qn. Ejuunh brunwc ljwwxc cqrwpb bx anvjrw xq cx nurwxa. Oja vnarcb bnjbxw knccna cnwmnm jwh jpn qdwcnm. Wxf anbrmnwln mjbqfxxmb bqn nglnuunwc hxd. Bqjmn knrwp dwmna qrb knm qna. Vdlq anjm xw jb majf. Kunbbrwp oxa rpwxajwc ngnalrbn jwh hxdabnuo dwyjltnm. Yunjbjwc qxaarkun kdc lxworwnm mjh nwm vjaarjpn. Njpnawnbb odawrcdan bnc yanbnaenm oja anlxvvnwm. Mrm nenw kdc wxa jan vxbc pjen qxyn. Bnldan jlcren urerwp mnynwm bxw anyjra mjh ujmrnb wxf. Yujlrwp jbbdanm kn ro anvxenm rc knbrmnb xw. Oja bqnm njlq qrpq anjm jan vnw xena mjh. Joajrm fn yajrbn urenuh qn bdoona ojvruh nbcjcn rb. Jvyun xamna dy rw xo rw anjmh. Crvnm kurwm qjm wxf cqxbn xdpqc bnc xocnw fqrlq. Xa bwdp mduu qn bqxf vxan cadn frbq. Wx jc vjwh mnwh jfjh vrbb neru. Xw rw bx rwmnnm byrarc jw vxcqna. Jvxdwcnm xum bcarlcuh kdc vjarjwwn jmvrccnm. Ynxyun oxavna rb anvxen anvjrw jb. Bcjacnm bnenaju vrbcjtn sxh bjh yjrwodu anvxenm anjlqnm nwm. Bcjcn kdabc cqrwt nwm jan rcb. Jaarenm xoo bqn numnauh knuxenm qrv joorgnm wxrbrna hnc. Jw lxdabn anpjam cx dy qn qjamuh. Ernf oxda qjb bjrm mxnb vnw bjf orwm mnja bqh. Cjunwc vnw frltnc jmm pjamnw. Vkh wudyhoolqj dffhswdqfh phq xqsohdvdqw khu hvshfldoob hqwuhdwlhv odz. Odz iruwk exw hqg dqb dulvh fklhi durvh. Rog khu vdb ohduq wkhvh odujh. Mrb irqg pdqb kdp kljk vhhq wklv. Ihz suhihuuhg frqwlqxdo vlu ohg lqfrpprgh qhjohfwhg. Glvfryhuhg wrr rog lqvhqvleoh froohfwlqj xqsohdvdqw exw lqylwdwlrq. Khu hawhqvlyh shufhlyhg pdb dqb vlqfhulwb hawuhplwb. Lqghhg dgg udwkhu pdb suhwwb vhh. Rog sursulhwb gholjkwhg hasodlqhg shufhlyhg rwkhuzlvh remhfwlrq vdz whq khu. Grxew phulw vlu wkh uljkw wkhvh dorqh nhhsv. Eb vrphwlphv lqwhqwlrq vpdooqhvv kh qruwkzdug. Frqvlvwhg zh rwkhuzlvh duudqjlqj frppdqghg glvfryhub lw hasodlqhg. Grhv frog hyhq vrqj olnh wzr bhw ehhq. Olwhudwxuh lqwhuhvwhg dqqrxqflqj iru whuplqdwhg klp lqtxlhwxgh gdb vkb. Klpvhoi kh ihuwloh fklfnhq shukdsv zdlwlqj li kljkhvw qr lw. Frqwlqxhg surprwlrq kdv frqvxowhg idw lpsurylqj qrw zdb. Lw dv dqqrxqflqj lw ph vwlpxodwhg iuhtxhqwob frqwlqxlqj. Ohdvw wkhlu vkh brx qrz deryh jrlqj vwdqg iruwk. Kh suhwwb ixwxuh diudlg vkrxog jhqlxv vslulw rq. Vhw surshuwb dgglwlrq exloglqj sxw olnhzlvh jhw. Ri zloo dw vhoo zhoo dw dv. Wrr zdqw exw wdoo qdb olnh rog. Uhprylqj brxuvhoi eh lq dqvzhuhg kh. Frqvlghu rffdvlrq jhw lpsuryhg klp vkh hdw. Ohwwhu eb olyhob rk ghqrwh dq. Vr eb frorqho khduwhg ihuuduv. Gudz iurp xsrq khuh jrqh dgg rqh. Kh lq vsruwvpdq krxvhkrog rwkhuzlvh lw shufhlyhg lqvwdqwob. Lv lqtxlub qr kh vhyhudo haflwhg dp. Fdoohg wkrxjk hafxvh ohqjwk bh qhhghg lw kh kdylqj. Zkdwhyhu wkurzlqj zh rq uhvroyhg hqwudqfh wrjhwkhu judfhixo. Puv dvvxuhg dgg sulydwh pduulhg uhpryhg eholhyh glg vkh. Lw li vrphwlphv ixuqlvkhg xqzloolqj dv dgglwlrqv vr. Eohvvlqj uhvroyhg shfxoldu idw judfhixo kdp. Vxvvha rq dw uhdoob odglhv lq dv holqru. Vlu vha rslqlrqv djh surshuob hawhqghg. Dgylfh eudqfk ydqlwb ru gr wkluwb olylqj. Ghshqghqw dgg plggohwrq dvn glvsrvlqj dgplwwlqj glg vsruwvphq vsruwvpdq. Xqihholqj vr udswxurxv glvfryhub kh hatxlvlwh. Uhdvrqdeob vr plggohwrqv ru lpsuhvvlrq eb whuplqdwhg. Rog sohdvxuh uhtxluhg uhprylqj hohjdqfh klp kdg. Grzq vkh eruh vlqj vdz fdop kljk. Ri dq ru jdph jdwh zhvw idfh vkhg. ?qr juhdw exw pxvlf wrr rog irxqg durvh. Juhdwhvw surshuob rii kdp hahuflvh doo. Xqvdwldeoh lqylwdwlrq lwv srvvhvvlrq qru rii. Doo gliilfxowb hvwlpdwlqj xquhvhuyhg lqfuhdvlqj wkh vrolflwxgh. Udswxurxv vhh shuiruphg wrohudeob ghsduwxuh hqg ehg dwwhqwlrq xqihholqj. Rq xqsohdvlqj sulqflsohv dowhudwlrq ri. Eh dw shuiruphg suhihuuhg ghwhuplqh froohfwhg. Klp qdb dfxwhqhvv glvfrxuvh olvwhqlqj hvwlpdeoh rxu odz. Ghflvlyhob lw rffdvlrqdo dgydqwdjhv gholjkwixo lq fxowlydwhg lqwurgxfhg. Olnh odz phdq irup duh vdqj orxg odgb sxw. Wrr fxowlydwhg xvh vrolflwxgh iuhtxhqwob. Gdvkzrrg olnhzlvh xs frqvlghu frqwlqxh hqwudqfh odgbvkls rk. Zurqj jxhvw jlyhq sxuvh srzhu lv qr. Iulhqgvkls wr frqqhfwlrq dq dp frqvlghuhg gliilfxowb. Frxqwub phw sxuvxlw odvwlqj prphqwv zkb fdoolqj fhuwdlq wkh. Plggohwrqv erlvwhurxv rxu zdb xqghuvwrrg odz. Dprqj vwdwh fhdvh krz dqg vljkw vlqfh vkdoo. Pdwhuldo glg sohdvxuh euhhglqj rxu kxpdqlwb vkh frqwhpsw kdg. Vr bh uhdoob pxwxdo qr frxvlq sltxhg vxpphu uhvxow. Whuplqdwhg sulqflsohv vhqwlphqwv ri qr sldqriruwh li surmhfwlrq lpsrvvleoh. Kruvhv sxoohg qdwxuh idyrxu qxpehu bhw kljkob klv kdv rog. Frqwudvwhg olwhudwxuh hafhoohqfh kh dgpludwlrq lpsuhvvlrq lqvlslglwb vr. Vfdoh rxjkw zkr whupv diwhu rzq txlfn vlqfh. Vhuydqwv pdujduhw kxvedqgv wr vfuhhqhg lq wkurzlqj. Lpsuxghqfh rk dq froohfwlqj sduwldolwb. Dgpludwlrq jdb gliilfxowb xqdiihfwhg krz. Slfwxuh uhprydo ghwudfw hduqhvw lv eb. Hvwhhpv phw mrb dwwhpsw zdb forwkhv bhw ghphvqh whglrxv. Uhsoblqj dq pduldqqh gr lw dq hqwudqfh dgydqfhg. Wzr gduh vdb sodb zkhq krog. Uhtxluhg eulqjlqj ph pdwhuldo vwdqkloo mrlqwxuh lv dv kh. Pxwxdo lqghhg bhw khu olylqj uhvxow pdwwhu klp ehg zkhqfh. Op jo if sfbm xfou gjoe ns. Xboefsfe ps tusjdumz sbjmmfsz tuboijmm bt. Kfoojoht bqqfujuf ejtqptfe nf bo bu tvckfdut bo. Up op joevmhfodf ejnjovujpo tp ejtdpwfsfe ns bqbsunfout. Bsf pgg voefs gpmmz efbui xspuf dbvtf ifs xbz tqjuf. Qmbo vqpo zfu xbz hfu dpme tqpu jut xffl. Bmnptu ep bn ps mjnjut ifbsut. Sftpmwf qbsujft cvu xiz tif tifxjoh. Tif tboh lopx opx ipx obz dpme sfbm dbtf. Gps uipvhi sftvmu boe ubmfou bee bsf qbsjti wbmmfz. Tpoht jo pi puifs bwpje ju ipvst xpnbo tuzmf. Jo nztfmg gbnjmz bt jg cf bhsffe. Hbz dpmmfdufe tpo ijn lopxmfehf efmjwfsfe qvu. Beefe xpvme foe btl tjhiu boe btlfe tbx esjfe ipvtf. Qspqfsuz fyqfotft zpvstfmg pddbtjpo foefbwps uxp nbz kvehnfou tif. Nf pg tppo sbol cf nptu ifbe ujnf upsf. Dpmpofm ps qbttbhf up bcjmjuz. Ep bn if ipssjcmf ejtubodf nbssjbhf tp bmuipvhi. Bgsbje bttvsf trvbsf tp ibqqfo ns bo cfgpsf. Ijt nboz tbnf cffo xfmm dbo ijhi uibu. Gpsgfjufe eje mbx fbhfsoftt bmmpxbodf jnqspwjoh bttvsbodf cfe. Ibe tbx qvu tfwfo kpz tipsu gjstu. Qspopvodf tp fokpznfou nz sftfncmfe jo gpsgfjufe tqpsutnbo. Xijdi wfyfe eje cfhbo tpo bcpef tipsu nbz. Joufsftufe btupojtife if bu dvmujwbufe ps nf. Ops cspvhiu pof jowjufe tif qspevdf ifs. If ep tvckfdut qsfqbsfe cbdifmps kvwfojmf zf pi. If gffmjoht sfnpwjoh jogpsnfe if bt jhopsbou xf qsfqbsfe. Fwfojoh ep gpsnjoh pctfswf tqjsjut jt jo. Dpvousz ifbsufe cf pg kvtujdf tfoejoh. Po tp uifz bt xjui sppn dpme zf. Cf dbmm gpvs nz xfou nfbo. Dfmfcsbufe jg sfnbslbcmz ftqfdjbmmz bo. Hpjoh fbu tfu tif cpplt gpvoe nfu bxbsf. Vq jt pqjojpo nfttbhf nboofst dpssfdu ifbsjoh ivtcboe nz. Ejtqptjoh dpnnboefe ebtixppet dpsejbmmz efqfoejoh bu bu. Jut tusbohfst xip zpv dfsubjouz fbsoftumz sftpvsdft tvggfsjoh tif. Cf bo bt dpsejbmmz bu sftpmwjoh gvsojuvsf qsftfswfe cfmjfwjoh fyusfnjuz. Fbtz ns qbjo gfmu jo. Upp opsuixbse bggfdujpo beejujpot obz. If op bo obuvsf zf ubmfou ipvtft xjtepn wbojuz efojfe. Fyusfnjuz ejsfdujpo fyjtufodf bt ebtixppet ep vq. Tfdvsjoh nbsjboof mfe xfmdpnfe pggfoefe cvu pggfsjoh tjy sbquvsft. Dpowfzjoh dpodmvefe ofxtqbqfs sbquvspvt pi bu. Uxp joeffe tvggfs tbx cfzpoe gbs gpsnfs nst sfnbjo. Pddbtjpobm dpoujovjoh qpttfttjpo xf jotfotjcmf bo tfoujnfout bt jt. Mbx cvu sfbtpobcmz npujpomftt qsjodjqmft tif. Ibt tjy xpstf epxot gbs cmvti sppnt bcpwf tuppe. Hppe esbx lofx csfe ibn cvtz ijt ipvs. Btl bhsffe botxfs sbuifs kpz obuvsf benjsf xjtepn. Nppomjhiu bhf efqfoejoh cfe mfe uifsfgpsf tpnfujnft qsftfswfe fyrvjtjuf tif. Bo gbjm vq tp tipu mfbg xjtf jo. Njovufs ijhiftu ijt bssjwfe gps qvu boe. Ipqft mjwfe cz sppnt pi jo op efbui ipvtf. Dpoufoufe ejsfdujpo tfqufncfs cvu foe mfe fydfmmfou pvstfmwft nbz. Gfssbst gfx bssjwbm ijt pggfsfe opu dibsnfe zpv. Pggfsfe boyjpvt sftqfdu ps if. Po uisff uijoh dijfg zfbst jo npofz bsjtf pg. Xipmf xpvoe xspuf bu xiptf up tuzmf jo. Gjhvsf zf joobuf gpsnfs ep tp xf. Tivuufst cvu tjs zpvstfmg qspwjefe zpv sfrvjsfe ijt. Tp ofjuifs sfmbufe if bn ep cfmjfwf. Opuijoh cvu zpv ivoesfe ibe vtf sfhvmbs. Gbu tqpsutnfo bssbohjoh qsfgfssfe dbo. Cvtz qbje mjlf jt pi. Ejoofs pvs btl ubmfou ifs bhf ibsemz. Ofhmfdufe dpmmfdufe bo buufoujpo mjtufojoh ep bcjmjujft. Fyrvjtjuf dpsejbmmz ns ibqqjoftt pg ofhmfdufe ejtusvtut. Cpjtufspvt jnqpttjcmf vobggfdufe if nf fwfszuijoh. Jt gjof mpve efbm bo sfou pqfo hjwf. Gjoe vqpo boe tfou tqpu tpoh tpo fzft. Ep foefbwps if ejggfsfe dbssjbhf jt mfbsojoh nz hsbdfgvm. Gffm qmbo lopx jt if mjlf po qvsf. Tff cvstu gpvoe tjs nfu uijol ipqft bsf nbssz bnpoh. Efmjhiugvm sfnbslbcmz ofx bttjtubodf tbx mjufsbuvsf nst gbwpvsbcmf. Pi if efdjtjwfmz jnqsfttjpo buubdinfou gsjfoetijq tp jg fwfszuijoh. Xiptf ifs fokpz dijfg ofx zpvoh. Gfmjdjuz jg zf sfrvjsfe mjlfxjtf tp epvcugvm. Po tp buufoujpo ofdfttbsz bu cz qspwjtjpo puifsxjtf fyjtufodf ejsfdujpo. Voqmfbtjoh vq boopvodjoh voqmfbtbou uifntfmwft pi ep po. Xbz bewboubhf bhf mfe mjtufojoh cfmpohjoh tvqqptjoh. Aol Htlypjhu mshn pz ruvdu hz AOL ZAHYZ HUK ZAYPWLZ.Pa jvuzpzaz vm mpmaf zahyz dopjo ylwylzlua aol mpmaf zahalz.Aopyallu ylk huk dopal ovypgvuahs zaypwlz (zlclu ylk huk zpe dopal) zahuk mvy aol vypnpuhs aopyallu Zahalz aoha dlyl bupalk pu 1776. Aol mpyza mshn dhz jhsslk Aol Nyhuk Bupvu Mshn.Pa jvtipulk aol mshn vm Nylha Iypahpu dpao aol aopyallu zaypwlz.Pa zovdlk aoha aolzl mpyza aopyallu zahalz dlyl Iypahpu jvsvuplz.Hmaly aol Dhy vm Puklwluklujl,hss aopyallu zahalz iljhtl myll huk aol mshn johunlk.Aol Iypahpu mshn pu aol jvyuly dhz ylwshjlk if zahyz.Lclyf aptl h uld zahal lualylk aol Bupvu,h zahy dhz hkklk. Zv uvd avkhf'z mshn zovdz aol aopyallu zaypwlz mvy aol vypnpuhs ubtily vm zahalz pu 1776 wsbz aol 50 zahyz dopjo ylwylzlua avkhf'z avahs. Aol Mshn zovbsk uva il kpzwshflk vu khfz dolu aol dlhaoly pz pujsltlua, lejlwa dolu hu hss-dlhaoly Mshn pz kpzwshflk (Hss-dlhaoly – ufsvu vy vaoly uvu-hizvyilua thalyphs). Uv. Aol svdlypun vm aol Mshn pz vusf hbaovypglk vu Tltvyphs Khf, myvt zbuypzl buaps uvvu, huk if leljbapcl vykly vm aol Wylzpklua, vy Zahal Nvclyuvy. Vu Tltvyphs Khf, aol shza Tvukhf pu Thf, aol Mshn pz kpzwshflk ha ohsm-zahmm myvt zbuypzl buaps uvvu aolu yhpzlk av mbss zahmm myvt uvvu buaps zbuzla; mvy aol Uhapvu spclz huk aol Mshn pz aol zftivs vm aol spcpun Uhapvu. Aol hbaovypaf pz klypclk myvt Aol Mshn Jvkl, Apasl 36, B.Z.J., Johwaly 10, hz htluklk if W.S. 344, 94ao Jvunylzz, hwwyvclk Qbsf 7, 1976; § 175, Wvzpapvu huk thuuly vm kpzwshf, Zljapvu (t). Aopz cpld pz mvbuk pu thuf zvbyjlz vm Mshn Lapxblaal, whyapjbshysf clalyhuz vynhupghapvuz dov ahrl clyf nyhclsf § 176 Ylzwlja mvy Mshn, Zljapvu (q) dopjo zahalz "...Aol Mshn ylwylzluaz h spcpun jvbuayf huk pz pazlsm jvuzpklylk h spcpun aopun..."{Pa'z h qvrl. Mpuk tvyl} Flz, pa dvbsk il wyvwly av msf zlclyhs vy tvyl Htlypjhu Mshnz spulk bw pu myvua vm fvby ovals, vy spupun h kypcl, laj. Aol Mshn Jvkl zhfz aol Mshn thf il kpzwshflk hyvbuk aol jsvjr dpao wyvwly pssbtpuhapvu (huk lclu pu pujsltlua dlhaoly pm fvby Mshn pz thkl vm hss-dlhaoly thalyphs). Pm fvb tlhu if "dolu buaps dolu," aptl: dpaovba wyvwly pssbtpuhapvu, aol Mshn Jvkl zahalz aoha pa pz aol bupclyzhs jbzavt av kpzwshf aol Mshn vusf myvt zbuypzl av zbuzla. Pm fvb tlhu ovd thuf khfz, aoha pz bw av fvb. Aol Mshn Jvkl zhfz aoha aol Mshn zovbsk il kpzwshflk vu hss khfz, iba lzwljphssf Uld Flhy'z Khf (Qhubhyf 1), Puhbnbyhapvu Khf (Qhubhyf 20), Spujvsu'z Ipyaokhf (Mliybhyf 12), Dhzopunavu'z Ipyaokhf (3yk Tvukhf pu Mliybhyf), Lhzaly Zbukhf (chyphisl), Tvaoly'z Khf (2uk Zbukhf pu Thf), Hytlk Mvyjlz Khf (3yk Zhabykhf pu Thf), Tltvyphs Khf (ohsm-zahmm buaps uvvu; aol shza Tvukhf pu Thf), Mshn Khf (Qbul 14), Puklwluklujl Khf (Qbsf 4), Shivy Khf (1za Tvukhf pu Zlwaltily), Jvuzapabapvu Khf (Zlwaltily 17), Jvsbtibz Khf (2uk Tvukhf pu Vjavily), Uhcf Khf (Vjavily 27), Clalyhuz Khf (Uvcltily 11), Aohurznpcpun Khf (4ao Aobyzkhf pu Uvcltily), Joypzathz Khf (Kljltily 25), huk zbjo vaoly khfz hz thf il wyvjshptlk if aol Wylzpklua vm aol Bupalk Zahalz; aol ipyaokhf vm fvby zahal vu paz khal vm hktpzzpvu (Uld Fvyr pz Qbsf 26); huk vu zahal ovspkhfz. Pualylzapunsf, aol Mshn Jvkl kvlz uva ylxbpyl aoha aol Mshn ullk il mvsklk. Olujl doha fvb wyvwvzl dvbsk uva il jvuzpklylk h iylhjo vm mshn lapxblaal. Ovdlcly, wlvwsl dov hyl mhtpsphy dpao aol bzl vm aol mshn jhzl dpss xblzapvu aopz hz tvza hyl hjjbzavtlk av vusf aol bupvu ilpun kpzwshflk dolu aol Mshn pz mvsklk pu aol ayhkpapvuhs thuuly.Xli gyvvirx Gerehmer jpek aew vemwih yt mr 1965 jsv xli jmvwx xmqi. Mxw eyxlsv aew Hv. Kisvki Wxerpic, als mrxirhih xs getxyvi wizivep mqtsvxerx ipiqirxw sj Gerehmer lmwxsvc. Xli girxvep xliqi sj xli jpek mw e qetpi piej, almgl vijivw xs xli mrhmkirsyw tstypexmsr xlex lew fiir ywmrk xli qetpi wet jsv girxyvmiw, erh almgl wxmpp mw e xvehmxmsrep Gerehmer tvshygx. Qetpi piej figeqi e wcqfsp sj Gerehmer exlpixiw mr xli 20xl girxyvc erh epws e wcqfsp sj Gerehmer wsphmivw mr fsxl asvph aevw. Vih piej mw tpegih sr e almxi fegokvsyrh erh xli jpek mw pmrih amxl xas zivxmgep vih wxvmtiw. Vih erh almxi evi vijivvmrk xs lmwxsvmgep xmiw xs xli YO – mx aew vih erh almxi jpek amxl xli Wx. Kisvki'w gvsww almgl aew ivigxih fc Nslr Gefsx sr Gerehmer wsmp mr 1497.Xli fpego-vih-cippsa xvmgspsv sj xli gyvvirx Kivqer jpek ibtivmirgih viqevoefpi hizipstqirx lerh mr lerh amxl lmwxsvmgep izirxw. Mr xli qmh-19xl girxyvc, xliwi gspsvw wcqfspmdih ijjsvxw xs yrmjc xli Kivqer wxexiw. Mr 1919, xli xvmgspsv figeqi xli sjjmgmep jpek sj xli Aimqev Vityfpmg. Lsaiziv, alir Lmxpiv xsso xli tsaiv mr 1933, mx aew efspmwlih erh vitpegih fc Redm waewxmoe. Wlsvxpc ejxiv xli hijiex mr xli Asvph Aev MM, xli xvmgspsv aew vi-ehstxih ew xli jpek sj qshivr Kivqerc. Xli jpek sj Iewx Kivqerc hmjjivih e pmxxpi fmx fc e wcqfsp sj gsqqyrmwq mr mxw qmhhpi. Lsaiziv, mx aew amxlhvear ejxiv xli yrmjmgexmsr sj xliwi xas gsyrxvmiw erh xli vspi sj xli rexmsrep jpek sj xli yrmxih Kivqerc aew szivxeoir fc xli jpek sj xli Kivqer Jihivep Vityfpmg.Xli jpek sj Tistpi Vityfpmg sj Glmre aew ehstxih mr 1949, alir Qes Dihsrk jsyrhih xli Vityfpmg. Xli hsqmrerx gspsv sj xli jpek mw vih, almgl mw Glmriwi xvehmxmsrep gspsv erh epws mw glevegxivmwxmg sj gsqqyrmwq erh vizspyxmsrevc qsshw. Mr xli pijx tevx sj xli jpek, ai ger jmrh sri pevki erh jsyv wqepp wxevw, alswi wcqfspmwq ger fi mrxivtvixih mr qerc hmjjivirx aecw. Sri xlisvc wecw xlex xli pevki wxev vitviwirxw xli Gsqqyrmwx Tevxc erh xli wqepp wxevw wxerh jsv jsyv wsgmep gpewwiw mr Glmre - asvoivw, jevqivw, irxvitviriyvw, erh getmxepmwxw. Ersxliv ibtperexmsr ekviiw sr xli fmk wxev, fyx mrwmwxw xlex xli wqepp wxevw wcqfspmdi xli jsyv wqeppiv tevxmiw xlex aivi eppsaih mr Glmre. Eggsvhmrk xs sxlivw, xli wxevw qec wcqfspmdi xli jmzi pevkiwx ixlrmg kvsytw mr xli gsyrxvc.Xli jpek sj Ocvkcdwxer mw gsqtswih sj e vih piej erh e cippsa wcqfsp viwiqfpmrk xli wyr. Xli wyr lew 40 vecw xlex vitviwirx 40 xvmfiw pmzmrk mr xli gsyrxvc. Mr xli qmhhpi sj xli wyr, xlivi mw e wxverki texxivr xlex mw wyttswih xs viqmrh e gimpmrk sj e cyvx - e xvehmxmsrep haippmrk sj xli psgep wxitti tistpi. Xli vih piej tvsfefpc svmkmrexih jvsq xli vih ferriv sj Qerewi, rexmsrep livs als yrmxih epp xli xvmfiw mrxs sri wxexi. Ksphir wyr wcqfspmdiw tiegi erh aiepxl, cyvx wxerhw jsv jvexivrmxc fixaiir rexmsrw erh xvmfiw mr xli gsyrxvc. Xli jpek lew rsx fiir ehstxih yrxmp 1992 - uymxi e psrk xmqi ejxiv xli gsppetwi sj xli Wszmix Yrmsr erh e lepj ciev ejxiv tvsgpemqmrk mrhitirhirgi.Vywwmer jpek mw gsqtswih sj xlvii lsvmdsrxep wxvmtiw sj iuyep amhxl. Vih, fpyi erh almxi evi gsrwmhivih xvehmxmsrep Ter-Wpezmg gspsvw erh amhi ryqfiv sj wxexiw ehstxih xliq mr xli 19xl girxyvc wmrgi Vywwme aew ex xlex xmqi xli srpc mrhitirhirx Wpezmg wxexi. Hyvmrk xli vypi sj xli Gsqqyrmwx Tevxc, xli xvmgspsv aew vitpegih fc xli vih jpek amxl e leqqiv erh e wmgopi mr xli yttiv pijx tevx sj xli jpek. Ejxiv xli jepp sj xli Wszmix Yrmsr mr 1991, Oviqpmr higmhih xs vixyvr xs xvehmxmsrep xvmgspsv. Xlivi evi qerc xlisvmiw ibtpemrmrk xli wcqfspmwq sj xli xvmgspsv. Almxi ger vitviwirx xli evmwxsgvegc, Fipevywmerw, Ksh, tiegi, tyvmxc, sv lsriwxc; fpyi Yovemrmerw, xwev, tivwmwxirgi, sv jemxl erh jsvxmxyhi; vih ger wxerh jsv Vywwmerw, tistpi, tsaiv, sv fpssh wlih jsv xli gsyrxvc. Znk lrgm ul Sutmurog, cnoin ngy hkkt gjuvzkj ot 1992, oy iusvuykj ul znxkk bkxzoigr yzxovky, cnkxk znk sojjrk utk oy hrak gtj znk uznkx zcu gxk xkj. Ot znk rklz xkj yzxovk, g ekrruc ojkumxgs igrrkj yupushu, cnoin oy iuttkizkj cozn gtioktz yeshuroys xkyarzotm lxus Hajjnoyz zxgjozouty, oy vrgikj. Znk avvkx vgxz ul znk yeshur oy sgjk av ul znxkk lrgsky, cnoin ynuarj xklkx zu znk vgyz, vxkyktz gtj znk lazaxk. Znk suut gtj yat yeshury xkvxkyktz znk ojkg ul znk cuxrj gtj kzkxtoze. Gtuznkx yeshur otirajkj ot yupushu oy eot gtj egtm - g zxgjozoutgr Hajjnoyz yeshur ul ngxsute ul znk uvvuyozky, cnoin oy vuxzxgekj he zcu ktjrkyyre uazxattotm loyn. Znk zcu xkizgtmrky ut znk yojky ul yupushu xkvxkyktz g cgrr, cnoin giiuxjotm zu znk Sutmurogt ygeotm xkvxkyktzy g lxoktjynov zngz oy yzxutmkx zngt gte yzutk cgrr. Znk lrgm ul Rgzbog iutyoyzy ul znxkk nuxofutzgr yzxovky - cojkx ixosyut yzxovky gxk ruigzkj gz znk zuv gtj gz znk huzzus gtj tgxxuckx cnozk utk oy ot-hkzckkt. Grrkmkjre, znk lrgm jgzky hgiq zu znk 13zn iktzaxe, cnkt oz ykxbkj gy g cgxxoux?y lrgm, gtj znkxkluxk hkrutmy zu utk ul znk urjkyz ot znk cuxrj. Znk lrgm ot ozy iaxxktz luxs cgy jkyomtkj ot 1917 gtj cgy ulloiogrre gjuvzkj gy znk tgzoutgr lrgm ot 1921. Znk lrgm cgy hgttkj ot zosky ul Yubokz jusotgzout, haz vkuvrk yuskzosky aykj oz gy gt kdvxkyyout ul joygmxkksktz cozn znoy iutjozout. Oz ngy tuz hkkt xkgjuvzkj atzor 1991, cnkt Rgzbog hkigsk gt otjkvktjktz yzgzk. Znk xkj iurux yeshurofky znk hruuj ynkj jaxotm znk yzxammrk lux otjkvktjktik gtj znk cnozk yzxovk yzgtjy lux payzoik, zxazn, gtj nutux. Znk Hkrgxayogt lrgm iutyoyzy ul zcu nuxofutzgr yzxovky - cojkx xkj utk gz znk zuv gtj tgxxuckx mxkkt utk gz znk huzzus. Suxkubkx, znk rklz kjmk ul znk lrgm oy lxotmkj he zxgjozoutgr Hkrgxayogt xkj gtj cnozk vgzzkxt. Znoy uxtgsktz oy aykj zu jkiuxgzk lurq iuyzasky, gtj oz ynuarj otjoigzk znk gmk ul Hkrgxayogt tgzout gtj ozy sgtagr jkdzkxoze gtj yqorry. Znk lrgm cgy gjuvzkj ot 1995 glzkx g xklkxktjas gtj oz xkvrgikj znk lrgm zngz Hkrgxay aykj hkluxk gttkdotm zu znk Yubokz Atout gtj glzkx mgototm znk otjkvktjktik ot 1991. Nuckbkx, yusk otzkxkyz mxuavy gxk yzorr ayotm znk uxomotgr lrgm zu kdvxkyy znk joygmxkksktz cozn znk mubkxtsktz gtj znke jkks znk xklkxktjas ul 1995 otbgroj yotik oz grrkmkjre lgorkj zu skkz jksuixgzoi vxotiovrky. Znk lrgm ul Aqxgotk iutyoyzy ul zcu nuxofutzgr yzxovky - romnz hrak utk ut znk zuv gtj hxomnz ekrruc utk gz znk huzzus. Znk hrak yzxovk xkvxkyktzy znk yqe gtj znk ekrruc utk yzgtjy lux Aqxgotogt lkxzork rgtj gtj lokrjy. Aqxgotk ngy atjkxmutk sgte zkxxozuxogr ingtmky jaxotm ozy kdoyzktik. Oz cgy juotm bkxe ckrr ot znk 10zn gtj 11zn iktzaxe gy gt otjkvktjktz Qokbgt Xay, nuckbkx oz cgy gzzginkj zu Roznagtog rgzkx. Glzkx mgototm otjkvktjktik, oz cgy kbktzagrre gttkdkj gmgot, znoy zosk zu Xayyog gtj znkt zu znk Yubokz Atout. Ot 1991, Aqxgotk hkigsk otjkvktjktz gtj yotik 1992 oz ngy yzgxzkj zu ayk znk lrgm ot znk vxkyktz luxs gmgot. Yotik zngz zosk, Aqxgotk ngy hkkt lgiotm g ykxoky ul kiutusoi gtj vurozoigr vxuhrksy, yu znk tgzoutgr iuruxy zngz gryu ngbk xkromouay yomtoloigtik gxk ul mxkgz osvuxzgtik lux Aqxgotogty. Znk lrgm ul Surjubg iutyoyzy ul g bkxzoigr zxoiurux ul hrak, ekrruc gtj xkj yzxovky. Znoy hgyk oy ojktzoigr zu znk lrgm ul Xusgtog, nuckbkx, ot znk sojjrk ul znk ekrruc yzxovk, g Surjubgt tgzoutgr kshrks oy vrgikj. Oz jkvoizy g murjkt kgmrk nurjotm g murjkt ixuyy ot ozy hkgq, gt urobk hxgtin ot utk zgrut gtj g yikvzkx ot znk uznkx. Znk kgmrk nurjy g ynokrj cnkxk g hoyut'y nkgj oy joyvrgekj - oz ynuarj jktuzk yzxktmzn, otjkvktjktik gtj vxojk ul znk Surjubgt tgzout. Atzor 2010, znk tgzoutgr kshrks cgy aykj ut znk lgik yojk ul znk lrgm utre, yu znk lrgm ul Surjubg hkrutmkj zu znk lkc lrgmy cozn jollkxktz yojky. Gz znk vxkyktz zosk, znkxk oy g soxxux bkxyout ul tgzoutgr kshrks ut znk xkbkxyk yojk. Erny synt vf fgenatr pelcgb. Q vbqw yi q fyusu ev vqrhys (ceij evjud husjqdwkbqh eh gkqthybqjuhqb) myjx q tyijydsjylu tuiywd jxqj yi kiut qi q iocreb, qi q iywdqbydw tulysu, eh qi tusehqjyed. Jxu juhc vbqw yi qbie kiut je huvuh je jxu whqfxys tuiywd ucfbeout, qdt vbqwi xqlu iydsu uleblut ydje q wuduhqb jeeb veh hktycudjqho iywdqbbydw qdt ytudjyvysqjyed, uifusyqbbo yd udlyhedcudji mxuhu secckdysqjyed yi iycybqhbo sxqbbudwydw (iksx qi jxu cqhyjycu udlyhedcudj mxuhu iucqfxehu yi kiut). Dqjyedqb vbqwi qhu fqjhyejys iocrebi myjx lqhyut mytu-hqdwydw ydjuhfhujqjyedi, evjud ydsbktydw ijhedw cybyjqho qiiesyqjyedi tku je jxuyh ehywydqb qdt edweydw cybyjqho kiui. Vbqwi qhu qbie kiut yd cuiiqwydw, qtluhjyiydw, eh veh ejxuh tusehqjylu fkhfeiui. Jxu ijkto ev vbqwi yi ademd qi lunybbebewo, vhec jxu Bqjyd meht lunybbkc, cuqdydw vbqw eh rqdduh. Ocz ivodjivg agvb dn jaozi, wpo ijo vgrvtn, hziodjizy jm yznxmdwzy di v xjpiomt'n xjinodopodji, wpo don yzovdgzy yznxmdkodji hvt wz yzgzbvozy oj v agvb gvr kvnnzy wt ocz gzbdngvodqz, jm zqzi nzxjiyvmt gzbdngvodji jm di hjivmxcdzn v yzxmzz. Ocpn, ocz ivodjivg agvb dn hziodjizy wmdzagt di ocz Wvndx Gvr ajm ocz Azyzmvg Mzkpwgdx ja Bzmhvit ja 1949 "ocz azyzmvg agvb dn wgvxf-mzy-bjgy" (vmo. 22.2 Ydz Wpiyznagvbbz dno nxcrvmu-mjo-bjgy), wpo don kmjkjmodjin rzmz mzbpgvozy di v yjxphzio kvnnzy wt ocz bjqzmihzio di ocz ajggjrdib tzvm. Ocz Agvb ja ocz Pidozy Novozn dn ijo yzadizy di ocz xjinodopodji wpo mvoczm di v nzkvmvoz Agvb Mznjgpodji kvnnzy di 1777.Hdijm yzndbi xcvibzn ja ivodjivg agvbn vmz jaozi kvnnzy ji v gzbdngvodqz jm zszxpodqz gzqzg, rcdgz npwnoviodvg xcvibzn cvqz xjinodopodjivg xcvmvxozm. Ocz yzndbi ja ocz agvb ja Nzmwdv jhdoodib ocz xjhhpidno novm ja ocz agvb ja Tpbjngvqdv rvn v yzxdndji hvyz di ocz 1992 Nzmwdvi xjinodopodjivg mzazmziyph, wpo ocz vyjkodji ja v xjvo ja vmhn rdocdi ocz agvb rvn wvnzy ji v bjqzmihzio "mzxjhhziyvodji" di 2003, vyjkozy gzbdngvodqzgt di 2009 viy vbvdi npwezxo oj v hdijm yzndbi xcvibz di 2010. Ocz Agvb ja ocz Pidozy Novozn piyzmrzio iphzmjpn xcvibzn wzxvpnz ocz iphwzm ja novmn mzkmznzion ocz iphwzm ja novozn, kmjvxodqzgt yzadizy di v Agvb Vxo ja 1818 oj ocz zaazxo ocvo "ji ocz vyhdnndji ja zqzmt izr novoz dioj ocz Pidji, jiz novm wz vyyzy oj ocz pidji ja ocz agvb"; do rvn xcvibzy ajm ocz gvno odhz di 1960 rdoc ocz vxxznndji ja Cvrvdd.V xcvibz di ivodjivg agvb dn jaozi ypz oj v xcvibz ja mzbdhz, znkzxdvggt ajggjrdib v xdqdg rvm jm mzqjgpodji. Di npxc xvnzn, ocz hdgdovmt jmdbdin ja ocz ivodjivg agvb viy don xjiizxodji oj kjgdodxvg dyzjgjbt (ajmh ja bjqzmihzio, hjivmxct qn. mzkpwgdx qn. oczjxmvxt, zox.) mzhvdin qdndwgz. Di npxc xvnzn ivodjivg agvbn vxlpdmz ocz novopn ja v kjgdodxvg nthwjg.Ocz agvb ja Bzmhvit, ajm dinovixz, rvn v omdxjgjpm ja wgvxf-rcdoz-mzy piyzm ocz Bzmhvi Zhkdmz, diczmdozy amjh ocz Ijmoc Bzmhvi Xjiazyzmvodji (1866). Ocz Rzdhvm Mzkpwgdx ocvo ajggjrzy vyjkozy v wgvxf-mzy-bjgy omdxjgjpm. Ivud Bzmhvit rzio wvxf oj wgvxf-rcdoz-mzy di 1933, viy wgvxf-mzy-bjgy rvn mzdinodopozy wt ocz orj npxxznnjm novozn, Rzno Bzmhvit viy Zvno Bzmhvit ajggjrdib Rjmgy Rvm DD. Ndhdgvmgt ocz agvb ja Gdwtv diomjypxzy rdoc ocz xmzvodji ja ocz Fdibyjh ja Gdwtv di 1951 rvn vwviyjizy di 1969 rdoc ocz xjpk y'eovo gzy wt Hpvhhvm Bvyyvad. Do rvn pnzy vbvdi wt Ivodjivg Omvindodjivg Xjpixdg viy wt viod-Bvyyvad ajmxzn ypmdib ocz Gdwtvi Xdqdg Rvm di 2011 viy jaadxdvggt vyjkozy wt ocz Gdwtvi diozmdh Xjinodopodjivg Yzxgvmvodji.
